refactor: improve docs for rotate refresh token (#784)
logto-io/docs: docs/docs/references/applications/README.mdx

<Availability cloud oss={{ major: 1, minor: 6 }} />

_Default: `true`_

When enabled, Logto will issue a new refresh token for token requests under the following conditions:

- If the refresh token has been rotated (have its TTL prolonged by issuing a new one) for one year; **OR**
- If the refresh token is close to its expiration time (>=70% of its original Time to Live (TTL) passed); **OR**
- If the client is a public client, e.g. Native application or single page application (SPA).

:::note

> For non-sender-constrained public clients, a new refresh token will always be issued when the client is exchanging for a new access token using the refresh token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For public clients, when this feature is enabled, a new refresh token will always be issued when the client is exchanging for a new access token using the refresh token.
```
